---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4, Day 5"
date:   2022-07-01 08:00:00 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

I spent today working on admin permissions and user state. Brackets now redirect users back to the home screen if they join after the game has already advanced its state past accepting users. Also, buttons now appear to advance if a user manages to arrive on a page when the game's state has already advanced beyond that page. Most restrictions on admin actions are now placed server-side instead of just not rendering buttons to prevent tom-foolery.

From my previous schedule:

### Week 4:
[DONE]Monday: Set up initial votes for choices in a bracket.

[DONE]Tuesday: Set up building rounds from initial votes.

[DONE]Wednesday: Set up building rounds from winners of previous rounds

[EOD MONDAY]

[DONE]Tuesday: Set up heroku

[EOD TUESDAY]

[DONE]Wednesday: Build join screens and format them, start working on turbo streams to get names to appear live

[EOD WEDNESDAY]

[DONE] Thursday: Set up game states, make sure some actions can only be done from certain states and change the state accordingly. Add admins to brackets and set them as the first user that joins.

[EOD THURSDAY]

Friday: Change buttons to automatically display their advance buttons if the state has already passed them. Added more controls to buttons and controller functions to prevent non-admin users from performing admin actions and prevent actions being performed during states where they could mess things up, like deleting choices. I also prevented new users from joining a bracket after it has left the state for adding new users.

[EOD FRIDAY]

I still need to add a redirect function to place a user in the right page.


### Week 5:

Monday: Holiday

Tuesday: Differentiate create and join pages. Autogenerate new brackets with unique names.

Wednesday: Set up exiting and blocking new users once a game has started, and handle cases for ending game when there is only one matchup in the round and the next round is built.