---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4, Day 3"
date:   2022-06-29 08:00:00 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

Today has been a day of pain and of progress. I have spent the entirity of the day on turbo and getting the choices and users page to update live for all sessions whenever a new one is added into a bracket, as well as making sure only those brackets update them rather than every single session. This was especially difficult because turbo's broadcast functions have a separate field for their target and their "streamable" but there is no documentation for what a streamable is.

The streamable, from what I can gather, is the name of the turbo stream in the \<turbo_stream_from "stream_name"\> tag in the markdown, while the target is the name of the turbo frame you're trying to perform a turbo stream action on. The documentation and most online forums entirely fail to elaborate on this, and I only arrived at these conclusions from testing and guesswork.

From my previous schedule:

### Week 4:
[DONE]Monday: Set up initial votes for choices in a bracket.

[DONE]Tuesday: Set up building rounds from initial votes.

[DONE]Wednesday: Set up building rounds from winners of previous rounds

[EOD MONDAY]

[DONE]Tuesday: Set up heroku

[EOD TUESDAY]

[DONE]Wednesday: Build join screens and format them, start working on turbo streams to get names to appear live

[EOD WEDNESDAY]

Thursday: Add new API endpoints for the new functionality to create nit_votes, stop initial voting, and build and advance to the next round, start working on admin and admin permission only actions, add admin user as a field in bracket model


Friday: Set up game states and add API endpoints to change states, make sure some actions can only be done from certain states and chage the state accordingly.

### Week 5:

Monday: Set up exiting and blocking new users once a game has started, and handle cases for ending game when there is only one matchup in the round and the next round is built.